in a recent video I said that vegan
gains still tolerates me even though
I've criticized them so much does I've
had a whole bunch of videos discrete big
gains vegan gains just cut me off vegan
gains just decided I cross the line he
doesn't ever want to talk to me again he
blocked me on Facebook because of well I
guess from his perspective I'm too
anti-racist
cool so this is Chiang Mai Thailand
talking to Vancouver BC Canada so we can
talk about whatever but I just got a
question from the audience and to be
honest when this first happened I
thought oh I should talk to cuesta both
hands but you know um no no no no no not
not my my historic confrontation with
truth crab over the low quality of audio
on my channel no that's a relatively
trivial matter to me Oh buy a better
microphone yep yep well I look I'll buy
a better microphone when I have a better
home to put the microphone in that's
basic my pipe situation right now I'm
living out of a backpack in Chiang Mai
Thailand hey what is this mrs. quest
cool what up so this is the first I've
seen of mrs. quest do you want me go
I'll show up in parallel jet uh Melissa
I can come over yeah so you what do you
count as mrs. abolish yell mrs. yell
sure totally
but like I say I've been living out of a
backpack going from going from China at
a tile and now well back worth to France
so I have a daughter I didn't so I don't
know well mrs. mrs. Quest knows my
situation but you know I have a daughter
in France southern flying back and forth
to France and you know so everything's
got to fit in one backpack in one
suitcase so I'm not in a position where
even I can own like a like a boom for
the Mike or bigger Mike whatever but I
am moving back to Canada so who knows
sky's the limit for a particle and
request what I was gonna say what I
thought of he was what I thought of I
thought of you about talking about this
topic when when it came up was in a
recent video I said that
vegan gain still tolerates me even
though I've criticized him so much today
I've had a whole bunch of videos
disagreement big gains vegan gains just
cut me off vegan gains just decided I
cross the line he doesn't ever want to
talk to me again he blocked me on
Facebook because of well I guess from
his perspective I'm too anti racist
which is bizarre to me so like I I have
like exactly exactly but up up until now
he's tolerated me and I don't know if
you check but Tara McCarthy she deleted
pretty much all the videos on her
channel so I think she just has one
video up now as a placeholder but the
McCarthy's um they keep covering their
tracks they keep posting racist [ __ ] and
then deleting it and just for anyone who
doesn't know this is not a little bit
racist it's not like like you may have a
grandparent or an uncle who's a little
bit raised they're just old-fashioned
you may have a friend from high school
who's a little bit politically incorrect
you know like we really should have a
different word for that other than
racism because this is hardcore racism
their position is that they want to
exile all non-white people from North
America from the United States and
Canada they want to exile all no my
people and I have seen Tara McCarthy
okay but even if you think people are
Apes it doesn't mean you want to exile
them from the country you know like I
mean it's actually next it's one thing
to think people are Apes there are
Chinese people who are racist against
Mongolians but they don't want to kill
all the Mongolians you know it's a
little bit you know degrees of racism
this is really really quite stream but I
have seen Tara McCarthy being asked
about vegan gains because you probably
know vegan gains is half white so I have
seen her directly answering a question
on on youtube / livestream where she was
asked what would you do about vegan
gains given that he's half white half
black
would you also excel him and long story
short she their usual thing which she
preface is the answer by saying that
she's against violence you know she's
not literally a Nazi she doesn't want
concentration camps and so she goes to
all the disclaimers but she doesn't want
violence and she wants things to be
orderly and peaceful etc
but yes she would even exile vegan gains
North America now I know Richard has
seen this I know vegan get to see this
because I asked him about it I like
questions like do you realize you're
good friends Cordia tark McCarthy
actually would even kick you out of the
country as a path black person and you
know I think is responding what where is
he gonna go
he's vegan gains can go back to Africa
like don't you know there are some
people who positively connected the back
to Africa thing I don't I don't want to
go back to Israel because I'm half
Jewish
back back it's real some ancestors of
mine were in Israel like a thousand
years ago you know what I mean
anyway sorry okay literally like I have
a piece of paper with a list of people
to buy gifts for while I'm in Thailand I
literally took his name off the list of
people that buy gifts for but yeah I
assumed we were gonna we're gonna meet
up with him in Toronto because we're
gonna we're gonna be on air we're gonna
come to British Columbia also but we are
going to be able to yeah so we can we
can tell them I want to ask you about
this I want to ask you about this what
the [ __ ] is your explanation for vegan
gains is position this look how do you
psychologically or philosophically
explain this connection or is his
attitude of perspective in reference to
coin McCarthy in in reference to race
itself like race is something simpler
than racism you know I mean something
then you're eventually you know yeah
they're gonna be guest areas go with it
like I you know it's for lack of a
better word white supremacy it's kind of
like a lot of the building blocks of
where we're at so it's not really that
surprising the Richards kind of looking
into it too okay it's easier it's much
easier it's much easier to go with it
and to go against it I don't know if you
just yeah I do
makes it more comfortable for everybody
else then it does then it is to like go
be like myself and be like like verbally
openly against it at risk like people
not gonna give you and [ __ ] like that
so look the one sense in which I don't
get that is he didn't grow up in Texas
he grew up in Toronto right like so when
I grew up in Toronto I've said this in a
couple videos and people's homes don't
believe me where I grew up
everyone was left-wing like everyone all
the school teachers are left-wing the
school principals are left with all the
authority for the cops are left-wing you
know what I mean now I don't know
Vancouver might not be that left-wing
cuz I haven't really spent much time in
Vancouver but like a lot of cities in
Canada like when people ask me why don't
I spend more time criticizing
conservatives a lot of time I answer is
I don't know any conservatives like I'm
mostly dealing with really left-wing
people so like in terms of what would be
easy for me growing up to to conform to
in the same sense you just said it would
probably be being being anti white being
racist against white people you know me
I think I was kind of raised raising
that generation were like for the first
time we were really admitting like you
know treatment of Native Americans was
unforgivable history of slavery and
segregation was unforgivable a lot of
that stuff but even even the Holocaust
was really being talked about openly for
the first time in the 1980s not worth
getting into why that is but like a lot
of that stuff was kind of cracking open
when I was a kid because like holy [ __ ]
like being white it's like and some
people really do feel that way on the
internet you know being white is really
something to be ashamed of etc and then
you get the anti white dreaming
discourse and all this [ __ ] you know
but I'd say like in terms of just being
a conformist - going with a flow you
know Toronto is left-wing you know
Toronto is a really left-wing town so
you know I mean obviously there's
there's a choice there but he didn't he
didn't grow up in Texas he didn't even
grow up in in Calgary so I do find it
really surprising it is true one of the
first things that shocked people vegan
gains when I first start talking to him
I started like just referencing hip-hop
which is a part of my life it's not like
because look my girlfriend knows that
sir my girlfriend's completely white but
she's from Detroit she also grew up
listening a pop and vegan gains was just
like man I don't know what you're
talking about
it was a go like I was talking about
this rapper news
I've never listened to rap music so it
is true he grew up playing ice hockey he
grew up listening to like heavy metal
like you know rock music and stuff you
know it's a choice with that that did
surprise me so I don't know like say oh
don't say the N word to all those people
he kicks away he's like you know that's
what I want to see you
I would assume that if you're hanging
with your friends like look like I'm
Jewish by blood but I'm not oh is real
like I'm not like a pro is real
scientist but nevertheless if I'm
hanging out with Muslim people were
actively singing et Semitic [ __ ] it's
like dude yeah you know I mean in terms
of the people I know stick is being as
offensive they want yeah and letting
that be the free speech well that's not
surprising because you don't see a whole
bunch you don't see crew black dudes
walking around like like fighting for
free speech and [ __ ] like that I know
Richard yeah so Richard that's kind of
like that's where he landed it's weird
self-hate is like a black person it's
kind of like that's another thing that's
ingrained through society we're meant to
like not like our skin know like our
hair color not like a I color like yeah
the society you look at like a magazines
movie covers advertisements everything
it's always been like it's different and
it's not attractive and we should strain
my hand
not so self-hate through black people in
North America it's not it's not an
uncommon thing so that's why I don't
think Richard is that much of an
anonymity it's just yeah what that's
interesting because he's in this aspect
of social justice which is veganism but
in terms of human rights like you said
in the video before I commented on I
thought it was dope like in terms of
social sciences Richard no [ __ ] yeah I
don't think even reads books so I don't
think it reads books about politics or
even newspapers about politics so just
keeping all the real I don't think he
reads anything like that so I'm just
gonna mention quest the the high school
I graduated from I went to two different
high schools but the high school I
graduated from was basically like
majority black so but in the particular
year maybe it was 40% black maybe it was
55% like that is very unusual in Canada
cuz we just we don't have that many
black people you know what I mean but
like I can I can really remember I mean
again it was just such a left-wing conte
context like most of the black people
keep the black people cared about Pelt
politics at all because not all black
people do but like their options were
like I remember like one girl especially
discussing with the only she was
discussing with me whether or not she
was gonna choose to identify as a
communist or just like a left-wing
socialist black revolutionary or like
the there were also some like
Rastafarians style like black left
wingers because we had a lot of people
from the islands people from the
Caribbean in in Toronto but I remember
that whole the whole context there was
one black guy who sat behind me in
history class and I bumped into him
years later University and he actually
he sure he really actually had a lot of
admiration for me he was really
interested in what I've been doing cloud
which surprised me because I didn't get
that that in first time but I remember
he would sit behind me ranting in
history class like we were doing the
history lessons with the French
Revolution he'd be like yes all those
people had to die that's why it had to
kill the other see that's literally from
those are the interesting for you of
course there were black people who just
watch sports and didn't give a [ __ ]
about politics you know I mean look at
you think it's a spectrum like the the
NDP the left-wing party was like the
moderate nominee then I went further
less
hey you know the move so it is it is
alien to me yeah yeah yeah but also like
um I have talked to ask yourself one on
one and I do definitely think ask
yourself has been an influence on being
gay so so Cory McCarthy has been and Tom
McCarthy has been and so on but you know
definitely you know ask yourself has
been an influence on him I think one one
of the important ways that your friends
influence you is just in giving you a
feeling of what's normal you know so
like yeah vegan gainsaid one video where
he said that he knows vegans who are not
just left-wing and he said Cory McCarthy
is right-wing or conservative and he
said he everybody just said he's also
friends with ask yourself whom he
described as dead center in the
political spectrum now ask yourself
supports the view despite what Wikipedia
will tell you he supports the view that
black people have lower IQ and the
sources he's citing have actually been
really thoroughly debunked
I'm just mentioned like just checking
Wikipedia you know what I mean yeah no
look I mean you know I mean look to me
in the 21st century that is shocking
it's like so like one of the books is
called the bell curve and that's like
1980s like lately 1980s early 1990s
controversy I vaguely remember that and
there were like two books published
debunking it and a lot of those
arguments actually did rely on
falsifying the data on you know
inventing fake facts about black IQ
there's this one Canadian University
professor and his fundamental theory was
that intelligence was negatively related
to sexual drive the people with a higher
sex drive have lower intelligence which
there is absolutely zero evidence for
like you can do you can just look at how
high people's sex drive is in the
correlation with IQ there is no it is
not true it's not true with in white
people it's not true in comparing white
people of black people and it's not
anyone's lived in China it's not true
that black people have a higher sex
drive than Chinese people I mean holy
[ __ ]
walk around the [ __ ] ghettos of
Taiwan [ __ ] brothels going up 12
floors and [ __ ] like the stereotype room
look my point okay good question good
question clamp keeping us on topic no
but like that level of racism that level
of like scientific racism vegan gains
has come to regard as normal and
acceptable right like cuz that's what
ask yourself [ __ ] with and then I don't
know it blows my mind that anyone regard
the position of Tom McCarthy and Cory
McCarthy as like normal and I said well
it just blows my mind but I guess
there's like a boiling frog thing where
you know you guys it's good questions am
I am i hurt but you know he often people
ask me like why am I playing this game
why am i doing this at all for me the
fundamental reward of being on YouTube
and right now on you now and stuff is
the opportunity to to build bridges with
to build to cooperate with and start a
movement with other vegans who really
want to you know change the world save
the planet you know get get politically
organized yes so like you know I think
so for me it's disappointing in that
sense like long term like looking at
next five years vegan gains was somebody
who really had the potential tab to make
a positive difference you know in
veganism so it's disappointing in
exactly that sense that well this is
someone I'm never gonna work with or
never collaborate with I guess and the
the link between him and Cory macaws
I've just found insane so I didn't think
it would be a you know I didn't think it
would be a stumbling block or an
insuperable barrier to that kind of
cooperation yeah Charlie yeah I tried
real hard with him right yeah I mean
Charles Marlow I tried real hard to just
keep cooperating but he was insane I
think yes I assume heat like I'm not
saying stead of a hater I assume he does
have some some mental health problems
cuz sometimes you talk to that guy and
he's he's totally sane and together and
soon as you talk to him and he's
completely insane that's that's my
experience talk to him yeah see you guys
can work together either
point what vegans have you found like in
terms of the community have you been
able to work so but the last time I was
asked this I remember my number one
answer was Maude vegan I'm still hopeful
I can I can collab with her yeah and
probably the number two answer was uh
tofu goddess
you know tofu goddess is background and
education yeah well she hasn't been
uploading she has not uploading lately
but yeah so there maude vegan is based
in calgary that's right Maude vegan is
based in Calgary so it'll be a schlep I
was asking her recently if I should if I
should consider moving to Calgary but
Calgary is not really on my list of
places to live and be but no well within
Canada it's it's really slim pickings
and I mean nobody ever really
challenging this but if somebody asked
me like why do i why do i still hang
with vegan gains at all up until the
point where he said he didn't want to
ask me anymore you that really would
have been my answer was because I really
care about the future of the vegan
movement and anyone I've got some common
ground to build them with